README.md, before:

### emails-input

#### demo / [https://martinpalmieri.github.io/miro-assignment.github.io/](https://martinpalmieri.github.io/miro-assignment.github.io/)

#### How to use

Add script:

```html
<script src="{path}/emails-input.min.js"></script>
```

Add styles:

```html
<link href="{path}/emails-input.min.css" rel="stylesheet">
```

Create component:

```js
var emailsInput = new EmailsInput(document.querySelector('#emails-input'));
```

Options
 - Extend or override the component's options
```js
options = {
	containerClass:  // string / class name for the main container
	itemInputClassName: // string / class name for the input
	itemClassName: // string/ class name for the item
	itemInvalidClassName: // string / class name for the item if it's invalid
	placeholder: // string / text for the placeholder
	confirmKeyCodes: // array / confirm key codes
	regexValidator: // RegExp / validation for the email/item value
};
```
Options extend example.
Add a new confirm key code (arrow down).
```js
	var emailsInput = new EmailsInput(document.querySelector('#emails-input'), {
		confirmKeyCodes: [...EmailsInput.prototype.options.confirmKeyCodes, 40],
	});
  ```

Commit message:

Update readme with state and addItem docs + examples

README.md, after:

### emails-input

#### demo / [https://martinpalmieri.github.io/miro-assignment.github.io/](https://martinpalmieri.github.io/miro-assignment.github.io/)

#### How to use

Add script:

```html
<script src="{path}/emails-input.min.js"></script>
```

Add styles:

```html
<link href="{path}/emails-input.min.css" rel="stylesheet">
```

Create component:

```js
var emailsInput = new EmailsInput(document.querySelector('#emails-input'));
```

Options
 - Extend or override the component's options
```js
options = {
  containerClass:  // string / class name for the main container
  itemInputClassName: // string / class name for the input
  itemClassName: // string/ class name for the item
  itemInvalidClassName: // string / class name for the item if it's invalid
  placeholder: // string / text for the placeholder
  confirmKeyCodes: // array / confirm key codes
  regexValidator: // RegExp / validation for the email/item value
};
```
Options extend example.
Add a new confirm key code (arrow down).
```js
var emailsInput = new EmailsInput(document.querySelector('#emails-input'), {
  confirmKeyCodes: [...EmailsInput.prototype.options.confirmKeyCodes, 40],
  });
  ```
  
State
Items are added as an object (`{ value: string, isValid: boolean }` to the state prop (array).
  
Get items example.
```js
var emailsInput = new EmailsInput(document.querySelector('#emails-input'));
emailsInput.state; // will be an array of added items.
```

addItem
Method to add an item from outside emails input component
Example
```js
var emailsInput = new EmailsInput(document.querySelector('#emails-input'));
emailsInput.addItem(value: string); // value prop should be a string.
```
